Okay. Um,
I'm uh going to call to order uh the
town of Andor Board of Selecting special
meeting for Tuesday, September 2nd, 2025
at uh
2:33. And our first order of business is
the pledge of allegiance.
to the flag of the United States of
America and to the stands one
indivisible with liberty and justice for
all.
>> Okay. Item two on the agenda is to make
a motion that we move to executive
session for the purpose of discussing
documents protected by attorney client
privilege. I will invite to the
executive session. Town attorney Dennis
O'Brien, labor attorney Male, and the
town administrator Eric Anderson.
I have a second.
Seconded by Scott Person.
>> I will go to a roll call.
Hi,
>> Caroli.
>> Hi,
>> Jeff Murray. Hi. Scott Brome.
>> Jeff McGuire. Hi. Um, since we'll be
moving into executive session, I'd ask
you if you all could leave. This will
take approximately 25 to 30 minutes.
We'll reconvene back at 3:00. Okay. So,
you can go to the community
community room. I believe it's open. You
have Please, please feel free.